   Problem 1 (RSA Library)
      Approach: defined encrypt and decrypt using the formula given in the directions.
      Defined _primes(lo,hi) by setting an empty string.
      Used a while loop to append the prime numbers to the list primes.
      Defined keygen by using _primes(lo,hi) that is already defined.
      Sampled two distinct random primes p and q from the list.
      Set n and m to pq and (p − 1)(q − 1) given by the directions.
      Created another list called primes2 that has prime numbers form range(2,m)
      Chose a random prime e using from the list such that e does not divide m
      Found d ∈ [1, m) such that ed mod m = 1.
      Returned the tuple1(n, e, d).


      Issues and resolution: when defining Keygen it says variable local e was referenced before assignment.
      It took me a lot of tries to finally understand what it means.
      I changed the logic behind my code and was able to get rid of this error pop up.
      I was able to solve the problem.

   Problem 2 (Keygen Program)
      Approach: set lo and hi as command line argument.
      Used rsa.Keygen from problem 1  to get the values of n,e,d.
      Used the function stdio.write() to write the string of the values n,e,d.

      Issues and resolution: I did not have any solution in this problem.

   Problem 3 (Encryption Program)
      Approach: Set n, e as command line argument. I set message to standard input.
      Wrote the bitLength of n. Changed c to integer using ord().
      Encrypted x as a width long binary string

      Issues and resolution: The program would only encrypt the first word of the string
       not the entire sentence. I got stuck trying to figure out what my problem was.
       It turned out that I forgot to put another stdio.write() at the end of my code.

   Problem 4 (Decryption Program)
      Approach: Set n, d as command line argument. I set message to standard input.
      Wrote the bitLength of n. Set v to length of message. Set y to decimal value of s.
      Decrypted y. Changed c to characters using chr(). Wrote the string using stdio.write()

      Issues and resolution: I did not face any issue in this problem.

